# OAuthRecaptcha-to-prevent-DOD-DDOSattack-
Project application by using OAuthRecaptcha etc

 CAPTCHA (Completely Automated Public Turing Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart) or Captcha (pronounced /kpt/) is a type of challenge-response test used in computing to ensure that the response is not generated by a computer.
 
 reCAPTCHA is a CAPTCHA-like system designed to establish that a computer user is human (normally in order to protect websites from bots) and, at the same time, assist in the digitization of books.
 
 Approaches
There are two "sections", one is known text, the other is not.
Step 1: If you get the known one correct, it assumes you got the unknown one correct.
Step 2: The next time it offers up that same "unknown" text, it is considered possibly known.
Step 3: A few more times with the same result for the "unknown" text, and it becomes "known" and the text it originated from can be correctly digitized.

Image Verificaation
Step 1: Users are asked to just click on a checkbox
The system will verify whether the user is a human or not, for example, with some clues such as already-known cookies or mouse movements within the reCAPTCHA frame.
Step 2: If it fails, select one or more images from a selection of set of images.


Invisible reCAPTHCA
In 2018, Google started beta testing a completely invisible reCAPTCHA system which does not present any human verification visually.
Instead, the new system actively monitors user actions across the entire property and returns a score which represents the probability if it is a human or a bot.

